app/assets/components/togglable/readme.md, before:


# Togglable
Base class for adding, removing and toggling classes on a given element.

```html
data-bindable="togglable"
```

## Usage Examples

<!--~ markup/togglable.html.haml -->
```haml
%h5#togglable_heading Heading
%nav
  %ul.nav.inline
    %li#one
      %a(data-bindable="togglable" href="#") One
    %li#two
      %a(data-bindable="togglable" href="#this" data-trigger="hover" data-toggle="fade") Two
    %li#three
      %a(data-bindable="togglable" href="#span" data-solo="true" data-toggle="fade") Three <span id="span">Span</span>
    %li#four
      %a.inline(data-bindable="togglable" href=".nav" data-lookup="closest" data-toggle="inline") Four
    %li#five
      %a(data-bindable="togglable" href="#five" data-target=".nav" data-lookup="closest" data-bubble="true") Five
    %li#six
      %a(data-bindable="togglable" href="#" data-activate="true") Six
    %li#seven
      %a(data-bindable="togglable" href="#togglable_heading" data-context="body" data-toggle="fade" data-solo="true") Seven
    %li#eight
      %a(data-bindable="togglable" href="#" data-delay="activate: 1000, deactivate: 500") Eight
```
<!-- end -->

1. Toggles the class `active` on `click`
- Toggles the classes `fade` on `hover`, the `href` is merely referencing the element as it's target
- Toggles the class `fade` on `click` for only the child `<span>` and not the `<link>` element
- Toggles the class `inline` on `click` for both the `link` and `ul.nav`, using the `$.closest` method to find the target
- Toggles `active` state on `click` for the link element, changes the url hash to `#five`
- Toggles the class `active` on `click`, but is initialized with the `active` class on the element
- Toggles the `fade` class on the "Heading" element on `click` by using the `body` element as the `context` to find the target
- Toggles the `active` class on the link with a 1 second delay on activation and 1/2 second delay on deactivation


## Options

Attribute  | Default      | Description
---------- | ------------ | -------------------------------------------
`toggle`   | `active`     | The class(es) to toggle when triggered
`trigger`  | `click`      | The event to trigger toggle behavior
`context`  | `bindable`   | The DOM node to use for lookups
`lookup`   | `find`       | The `$` method to find a target or href target ~ [`closest`, `siblings`, `parents`...]
`target`   | `bindable`   | The target element to toggle classes on (the `href` attribute can also be used)
`solo`     | `true`       | If `target` is not the `bindable` element, classes are toggled on both `target` and `bindable`. Setting to `true` will result in classes only being applied to target
`activate` | `false`      | If present, this will auto activate the element
`bubble`   | `false`      | Controls whether an action `preventsDefault`, setting to `true` will allow normal events to fire
`delay`     | `undefined` | The amount of time in milliseconds to delay on `activate` and `deactivate`, see the `Timeslot` class for more information

### Finding Targets
`Togglable` finds the target based on the following rules:

1. If there is a `target` attribute and it can be found in the DOM, use it
- Otherwise if there is NOT an `href` attribute use the `bindable` element
- Or if the `href` is `#this` or `#` use the `bindable` element
- Or if the `href` is a normal link (i.e. `/some-page`) use the `bindable` element
- Otherwise lookup the element within the `href`, if found, use it, otherwise use the `bindable` element
- If the `context` attribute is set, it will perform searches from this element, otherwise it will use the element associated with `bindable`

### Delays
When `delay` is set, the `#activate` and `#deactivate` methods are
scoped to `#activateWithDelay` and `#deactivateWithDelay`. Classes
utilizing `Togglable` through composition and a `delay` do not need to
be concerned with this in their own API. Compositional classes should
only rely on the dispatched events from their instance of `Togglable`.

If one of the delay properties (`activate` or `deactivate`) is `0`, then
the method for that property will not be scoped through the delay method.

## API

### #new
Create a new instance of `Togglable` programatically. 

```coffee
#= require togglable

@el = $('#togglable')
@togglable = new utensil.Togglable(@el, {toggle: 'fade active', trigger: 'hover'})
```

### #toggle
Typically called through user input, but can be triggered by the
elements toggle event.

```coffee
@el.trigger('click')
```

### #activate
Add the toggle classes to the targets

dispatches the `togglable:activate` event

```coffee
@togglable.activate()
```

### #deactivate
Removes the toggle classes from the targets

dispatches the `togglable:deactivate` event

```coffee
@togglable.deactivate()
```

### #dispose
Cleans up any internal references 

```coffee
@togglable.dispose()
```

### Requires
- `utensil`
- `bindable`
- `timeslot`

An instance of `Togglable` creates a `@dispatcher` property for
dispatching events. Typically this is just the `@el` but is created for
clarity in access from a compositional class.

```coffee
@togglable = new utensil.Togglable(@el, @data)

@toggler.dispatcher.on('togglable:activate', => @activated.apply(@, arguments))
@toggler.dispatcher.on('togglable:deactivate', => @deactivated.apply(@, arguments))
```

Commit message:

Refactor trigger property to handle on/off states.
Triggers are now mapped to `trigger.on`/`trigger.off`. This allows
hover events to use `mouseenter`, `mouseleave`, focus events
to use `focus`, `blur` and supports `manual` which has no listeners
added.

This fixes a bug related to delay's and hovers.

app/assets/components/togglable/readme.md, after:


# Togglable
Base class for adding, removing and toggling classes on a given element.

```html
data-bindable="togglable"
```

## Usage Examples

<!--~ markup/togglable.html.haml -->
```haml
%h5#togglable_heading Heading
%nav
  %ul.nav.inline
    %li#one
      %a(data-bindable="togglable" href="#") One
    %li#two
      %a(data-bindable="togglable" href="#this" data-trigger="hover" data-toggle="fade") Two
    %li#three
      %a(data-bindable="togglable" href="#span" data-solo="true" data-toggle="fade") Three <span id="span">Span</span>
    %li#four
      %a.inline(data-bindable="togglable" href=".nav" data-lookup="closest" data-toggle="inline") Four
    %li#five
      %a(data-bindable="togglable" href="#five" data-target=".nav" data-lookup="closest" data-bubble="true") Five
    %li#six
      %a(data-bindable="togglable" href="#" data-activate="true") Six
    %li#seven
      %a(data-bindable="togglable" href="#togglable_heading" data-context="body" data-toggle="fade" data-solo="true") Seven
    %li#eight
      %a(data-bindable="togglable" href="#" data-delay="activate: 1000, deactivate: 500") Eight
```
<!-- end -->

1. Toggles the class `active` on `click`
- Toggles the classes `fade` on `hover`, the `href` is merely referencing the element as it's target
- Toggles the class `fade` on `click` for only the child `<span>` and not the `<link>` element
- Toggles the class `inline` on `click` for both the `link` and `ul.nav`, using the `$.closest` method to find the target
- Toggles `active` state on `click` for the link element, changes the url hash to `#five`
- Toggles the class `active` on `click`, but is initialized with the `active` class on the element
- Toggles the `fade` class on the "Heading" element on `click` by using the `body` element as the `context` to find the target
- Toggles the `active` class on the link with a 1 second delay on activation and 1/2 second delay on deactivation


## Options

Attribute  | Default      | Description
---------- | ------------ | -------------------------------------------
`toggle`   | `active`     | The class(es) to toggle when triggered
`trigger`  | `click`      | The event to trigger toggle behavior [`click`, `hover`, `focus`, `manual`]
`context`  | `bindable`   | The DOM node to use for lookups
`lookup`   | `find`       | The `$` method to find a target or href target [`closest`, `siblings`, `parents`...]
`target`   | `bindable`   | The target element to toggle classes on (the `href` attribute can also be used)
`solo`     | `true`       | If `target` is not the `bindable` element, classes are toggled on both `target` and `bindable`. Setting to `true` will result in classes only being applied to target
`activate` | `false`      | If present, this will auto activate the element
`bubble`   | `false`      | Controls whether an action `preventsDefault`, setting to `true` will allow normal events to bubble
`delay`    | `undefined`  | The amount of time in milliseconds to delay on `activate` and `deactivate`, see the `Timeslot` class for more information

### Trigger Types
The `trigger` attribute is mapped to an object with `on/off` properties
based on the following:

Attribute  | trigger.on => handler     | trigger.off => handler
---------- | ------------------------- | --------------------------------------
"click"    | `click => #toggle`        | `click => #toggle`
"hover"    | `mouseenter => #activate` | `mouseleave => #deactivate`
"focus"    | `focus => #activate`      | `blur => #deactivate`
"manual"   | _none_                    | _none_

The `manual` trigger does not add any listeners, as it's meant to be
called programmatically from another object.

Any other trigger types, not included in this list, map their `on/off`
properties to the given trigger name. They will automatically call the
`#toggle` handler.


### Finding Targets
`Togglable` finds the target based on the following rules:

1. If there is a `target` attribute and it can be found in the DOM, use it
- Otherwise if there is NOT an `href` attribute use the `bindable` element
- Or if the `href` is `#this` or `#` use the `bindable` element
- Or if the `href` is a normal link (i.e. `/some-page`) use the `bindable` element
- Otherwise lookup the element within the `href`, if found, use it, otherwise use the `bindable` element
- If the `context` attribute is set, it will perform searches from this element, otherwise it will use the element associated with `bindable`

### Delays
When `delay` is set, the `#activate` and `#deactivate` methods are
scoped to `#activateWithDelay` and `#deactivateWithDelay`. Classes
utilizing `Togglable` through composition and a `delay` do not need to
be concerned with this in their own API. Compositional classes should
only rely on the dispatched events from their instance of `Togglable`.

If one of the delay properties (`activate` or `deactivate`) is `0`, then
the method for that property will not be scoped through the delay method.

## API

### #new
Create a new instance of `Togglable` programatically. 

```coffee
#= require togglable

@el = $('#togglable')
@togglable = new utensil.Togglable(@el, {toggle: 'fade active', trigger: 'hover'})
```

### #toggle
Typically called through user input, but can be triggered by the
elements toggle event.

```coffee
@el.trigger('click')
```

### #activate
Add the toggle classes to the targets

dispatches the `togglable:activate` event

```coffee
@togglable.activate()
```

### #deactivate
Removes the toggle classes from the targets

dispatches the `togglable:deactivate` event

```coffee
@togglable.deactivate()
```

### #dispose
Cleans up any internal references 

```coffee
@togglable.dispose()
```

### Requires
- `utensil`
- `bindable`
- `timeslot`

An instance of `Togglable` creates a `@dispatcher` property for
dispatching events. Typically this is just the `@el` but is created for
clarity in access from a compositional class.

```coffee
@togglable = new utensil.Togglable(@el, @data)

@toggler.dispatcher.on('togglable:activate', => @activated.apply(@, arguments))
@toggler.dispatcher.on('togglable:deactivate', => @deactivated.apply(@, arguments))
```
