app/assets/components/typography/readme.md, before:


# Typography
Heading, paragraph, blockquotes, code, lists, and inline typographic elements.

```sass
@import utensils/components/typography/typography
```

### Headings and body copy
Generic `h1`-`h6` headings with a paragraph element.

### Usage Example

<!--~ markup/typography-headings.html.haml -->
```haml
:ruby
  lorem = "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum."

%h1 Google hearts h1 headings, but only use one per page.
%p=lorem
%br
%h2 Got sections? Try using h2 headings.
%p=lorem
%br
%h3 Good things come in threes, like tacos and h3 headings.
%p=lorem
%br
%h4 There's nothing clever to say about h4 headings.
%p=lorem
%br
%h5 Every time you use an h5 heading, Google kills a puppy. A tiny little puppy.
%p=lorem
%br
%h6 An h6 heading? Google just killed a litter of kittens.
%p=lorem
```
<!-- end -->

### Inline paragraph elements
These elements are typically found within blocks of copy.

Element     | Usage
----------- | ----------------------------------------------
`<a>`       | The anchor element defines a [hyperlink](http://www.modeset.com/)!
`<em>`      | The em element is used to _emphasize_ text
`<strong>`  | The strong element also <strong>emphasizes</strong> text, typically in <strong>bold</strong>
`<small>`   | The small element renders text well, <small>smaller</small>
`<sup>`     | The superscript element is used to display text higher<sup>&reg;</sup> and smaller<sup>&trade;</sup>
`<sub>`     | The sub element is used to display text <sub>lower</sub> and <sub>smaller</sub>
`<address>` | For contact information related to the author of the document
`<time>`    | Use for a <time>24-hour</time> clock or a precise date in the [Gregorian calendar](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregorian_calendar)
`<abbr>`    | <abbr title="For Placement Only">FPO</abbr>. Describes an abbreviated phrase with the title attribute
`<dfn>`     | <dfn title="This is a definition">DFN</dfn>. Describes the definition of a word or term with the title attribute
`<ins>`     | The ins element defines text that has been <ins>inserted into a document</ins>
`<del>`     | The del tag defines text that has been <del>deleted from a document</del>
`<mark>`    | The mark element is used for indicating text as <mark>marked or highlighted for reference</mark> purposes
`<code>`    | The <code>code</code> tag is used to show inline code
`<kbd>`     | The <kbd>kbd</kbd> tag defines keyboard text
`<samp>`    | The <samp>samp</samp> tag defines sample computer code

### Usage Example

<!--~ markup/typography-inline.html.haml -->
```haml
%section(style="width:45%; float:left; margin-right: 5%;")
  %h4 Inline elements examples
  %br
  %p
    Yeah, well, <em>listen</em>. You <kbd>ought</kbd> to <strong>ditch</strong> the <strong><em>two</em></strong>
    <a href="http://modeset.com/">geeks</a> you're in the <dfn title="motorized vehicle">car</dfn> with now and get
    <sub>in with</sub> us. But <samp>that's</samp> <code>alright</code>, <mark>we'll worry about</mark> that <time>later</time>.
    I will <small>see you</small> there. All right<sup>™</sup>? <del>Man</del>, <ins>I love</ins> those
    <abbr title="Hotties">redheads</abbr>.

%section(style="width:45%; float:left;")
  %h4 Address examples
  %br
  %address
    <strong>Mr. Address Tag</strong>
    <br />
    1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW
    <br />
    Washington D.C. DC 20500
    <br />
    <br />
    <strong>Email:</strong>
    <br />
    <a href="#">president@whitehouse.gov</a>
```
<!-- end -->


### Pre blocks
Used for showcasing a block of a code.

### Usage Example

<!--~ markup/typography-pre.html.haml -->
```haml
%pre
  git commit -am "Fixes issue #666"
  git pull
  git push
```
<!-- end -->

### Blockquotes
Typically used for quoting blocks of text from another source.

### Usage Example

<!--~ markup/typography-blockquote.html.haml -->
```haml
%blockquote
  %p
    &#8220;Let me tell you what Melba Toast is packin' right here, all right. We got 4:11 Positrac outback, 750 double pumper, Edelbrock intake, bored over 30, 11 to 1 pop-up pistons, turbo-jet 390 horsepower. We're talkin' some f***in' muscle.&#8221;
    <small>David Wooderson, <cite title="link to source">Dazed &amp; Confused</cite></small>
```
<!-- end -->

###### Notes
- **Pro Tip!** Utilize `&#8220;` and `&#8221;` for opening and closing quotes within a `<blockquote>` element

### Rules
Horizontal rules can utilize the class `.dashed` and `.dotted` for a different separator.

### Usage Example

<!--~ markup/typography-rules.html.haml -->
```haml
%hr
%hr.dashed
%hr.dotted
```
<!-- end -->

### Lists
Lists come in three varieties, unordered (`<ul>`), ordered (`<ol>`), and unstyled (`.unstyled`). Unstyled simply removes any list styles and left padding. By default all `<ul>` and `<ol>` elements nested under a `<nav>` element render the same as an `.unstyled` list 

### Usage Example

<!--~ markup/typography-lists.html.haml -->
```haml
%section(style="width:25%; float:left; margin-right: 5%;")
  %p
    %strong Unordered list:
  %ul
    %li Unordered list
    %li Unordered list
    %li
      %ul
        %li Nested unordered list
        %li Nested unordered list
        %li Nested unordered list
    %li Unordered list
    %li
      %ol
        %li Nested ordered list
        %li Nested ordered list
        %li Nested ordered list

%section(style="width:25%; float:left; margin-right: 5%;")
  %p
    %strong Ordered list:
  %ol
    %li Ordered list
    %li Ordered list
    %li
      %ol
        %li Nested ordered list
        %li Nested ordered list
        %li Nested ordered list
    %li Ordered list
    %li
      %ul
        %li Nested unordered list
        %li Nested unordered list
        %li Nested unordered list

%section(style="width:25%; float:left;")
  %p
    %strong Unstyled list:
  %ul.unstyled
    %li Unordered list
    %li Unordered list
    %li
      %ul
        %li Nested unordered list
        %li Nested unordered list
        %li Nested unordered list
    %li Unordered list
    %li
      %ol
        %li Nested ordered list
        %li Nested ordered list
        %li Nested ordered list
```
<!-- end -->

### Definition Lists
Definition lists are used to encapsulate a term and it's definition

### Usage Example

<!--~ markup/typography-definition.html.haml -->
```haml
%section(style="width:25%; float:left; margin-right: 5%;")
  %p
    %strong Definition list:
  %dl
    %dt Definition Term
    %dd Definition Description Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
    %dt Definition Term
    %dd Definition Description Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
    %dt Definition Term
    %dd Definition Description Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.

%section(style="width:60%; float:left;")
  %p
    %strong Horizontal Definition list:
  %dl.dl-horizontal
    %dt Definition Term
    %dd Definition Description Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
    %dt Definition Term
    %dd Definition Description Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
    %dt Definition Term
    %dd Definition Description Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
```
<!-- end -->

## Style Settings
To override the default settings, set the variable and it's value
within your `config.sass` file or before `typography.sass` is loaded.

Attribute                          | Default                  | Description
---------------------------------- | ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------
`$h1-size`                         | `$base-font-size + 16`   | The default size of `h1` elements
`$h2-size`                         | `$base-font-size + 10`   | The default size of `h2` elements
`$h3-size`                         | `$base-font-size + 4`    | The default size of `h3` elements
`$h4-size`                         | `$base-font-size + 2`    | The default size of `h4` elements
`$h5-size`                         | `$base-font-size + 1`    | The default size of `h5` elements
`$h6-size`                         | `$base-font-size`        | The default size of `h6` elements
`$heading-color`                   | `$body-color`            | The default color of heading elements
`$hr-rule-color`                   | `$border-color`          | The default color of horizontal rules
`$mark-bgc`                        | `$yellow`                | The default background color of the `mark` element
`$code-bgc`                        | `$off-white`             | The default background color of `code` and `pre` blocks
`$code-border-color`               | `invert($body-color)`    | The default border color of `code` and `pre` blocks
`$code-inline-color`               | `$body-color`            | The default color of inline `code` elements
`$pre-border-radii`                | `$radii`                 | The default border-radius of `pre` blocks
`$definition-horiz-offset`         | `$horiz-offset`          | The offset to use for `.dl-horizontal`
`$definition-horiz-offset-padding` | `$horiz-offset-padding`  | The padding between a term and definition within the `.dl-horizontal` element

Commit message:

Remove the * reset and stick with only normalize
Keeps our selectors from getting to greedy. Also, cleaned
up some styles to simplify across the board for top level
elements.

app/assets/components/typography/readme.md, after:


# Typography
Heading, paragraph, blockquotes, code, lists, and inline typographic elements.

```sass
@import utensils/components/typography/typography
```

### Headings and body copy
Generic `h1`-`h6` headings with a paragraph element.

### Usage Example

<!--~ markup/typography-headings.html.haml -->
```haml
:ruby
  lorem = "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum."

%h1 Google hearts h1 headings, but only use one per page.
%p=lorem
%br
%h2 Got sections? Try using h2 headings.
%p=lorem
%br
%h3 Good things come in threes, like tacos and h3 headings.
%p=lorem
%br
%h4 There's nothing clever to say about h4 headings.
%p=lorem
%br
%h5 Every time you use an h5 heading, Google kills a puppy. A tiny little puppy.
%p=lorem
%br
%h6 An h6 heading? Google just killed a litter of kittens.
%p=lorem
```
<!-- end -->

### Inline paragraph elements
These elements are typically found within blocks of copy.

Element     | Usage
----------- | ----------------------------------------------
`<a>`       | The anchor element defines a [hyperlink](http://www.modeset.com/)!
`<em>`      | The em element is used to _emphasize_ text
`<strong>`  | The strong element also <strong>emphasizes</strong> text, typically in <strong>bold</strong>
`<small>`   | The small element renders text well, <small>smaller</small>
`<sup>`     | The superscript element is used to display text higher<sup>&reg;</sup> and smaller<sup>&trade;</sup>
`<sub>`     | The sub element is used to display text <sub>lower</sub> and <sub>smaller</sub>
`<address>` | For contact information related to the author of the document
`<time>`    | Use for a <time>24-hour</time> clock or a precise date in the [Gregorian calendar](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregorian_calendar)
`<abbr>`    | <abbr title="For Placement Only">FPO</abbr>. Describes an abbreviated phrase with the title attribute
`<dfn>`     | <dfn title="This is a definition">DFN</dfn>. Describes the definition of a word or term with the title attribute
`<ins>`     | The ins element defines text that has been <ins>inserted into a document</ins>
`<del>`     | The del tag defines text that has been <del>deleted from a document</del>
`<mark>`    | The mark element is used for indicating text as <mark>marked or highlighted for reference</mark> purposes
`<code>`    | The <code>code</code> tag is used to show inline code
`<kbd>`     | The <kbd>kbd</kbd> tag defines keyboard text
`<samp>`    | The <samp>samp</samp> tag defines sample computer code

### Usage Example

<!--~ markup/typography-inline.html.haml -->
```haml
%section(style="width:45%; float:left; margin-right: 5%;")
  %h4 Inline elements examples
  %br
  %p
    Yeah, well, <em>listen</em>. You <kbd>ought</kbd> to <strong>ditch</strong> the <strong><em>two</em></strong>
    <a href="http://modeset.com/">geeks</a> you're in the <dfn title="motorized vehicle">car</dfn> with now and get
    <sub>in with</sub> us. But <samp>that's</samp> <code>alright</code>, <mark>we'll worry about</mark> that <time>later</time>.
    I will <small>see you</small> there. All right<sup>™</sup>? <del>Man</del>, <ins>I love</ins> those
    <abbr title="Hotties">redheads</abbr>.

%section(style="width:45%; float:left;")
  %h4 Address examples
  %br
  %address
    <strong>Mr. Address Tag</strong>
    <br />
    1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW
    <br />
    Washington D.C. DC 20500
    <br />
    <br />
    <strong>Email:</strong>
    <br />
    <a href="#">president@whitehouse.gov</a>
```
<!-- end -->


### Pre blocks
Used for showcasing a block of a code.

### Usage Example

<!--~ markup/typography-pre.html.haml -->
```haml
%pre
  git commit -am "Fixes issue #666"
  git pull
  git push
```
<!-- end -->

### Blockquotes
Typically used for quoting blocks of text from another source.

### Usage Example

<!--~ markup/typography-blockquote.html.haml -->
```haml
%blockquote
  %p
    &#8220;Let me tell you what Melba Toast is packin' right here, all right. We got 4:11 Positrac outback, 750 double pumper, Edelbrock intake, bored over 30, 11 to 1 pop-up pistons, turbo-jet 390 horsepower. We're talkin' some f***in' muscle.&#8221;
    <small>David Wooderson, <cite title="link to source">Dazed &amp; Confused</cite></small>
```
<!-- end -->

###### Notes
- **Pro Tip!** Utilize `&#8220;` and `&#8221;` for opening and closing quotes within a `<blockquote>` element

### Rules
Horizontal rules can utilize the class `.dashed` and `.dotted` for a different separator.

### Usage Example

<!--~ markup/typography-rules.html.haml -->
```haml
%hr
%hr.dashed
%hr.dotted
```
<!-- end -->

### Lists
Lists come in three varieties, unordered (`ul`), ordered (`ol`), and unstyled (`.unstyled-list`). Unstyled simply removes any list styles and left margin. By default all `ul` and `ol` elements nested under a `nav` element render the same as an `.unstyled-list` class. 

### Usage Example

<!--~ markup/typography-lists.html.haml -->
```haml
%section(style="width:25%; float:left; margin-right: 5%;")
  %p<
    %strong Unordered list:
  %ul
    %li Unordered list
    %li Unordered list
    %li
      Start nested unordered list
      %ul
        %li Nested unordered list
        %li Nested unordered list
        %li Nested unordered list
    %li Unordered list
    %li
      Start nested ordered list
      %ol
        %li Nested ordered list
        %li Nested ordered list
        %li Nested ordered list

%section(style="width:25%; float:left; margin-right: 5%;")
  %p<
    %strong Ordered list:
  %ol
    %li Ordered list
    %li Ordered list
    %li
      Start nested ordered list
      %ol
        %li Nested ordered list
        %li Nested ordered list
        %li Nested ordered list
    %li Ordered list
    %li
      Start nested unordered list
      %ul
        %li Nested unordered list
        %li Nested unordered list
        %li Nested unordered list

%section(style="width:25%; float:left;")
  %p<
    %strong Unstyled list:
  %ul.unstyled-list
    %li Unordered list
    %li Unordered list
    %li
      Start nested unordered list
      %ul
        %li Nested unordered list
        %li Nested unordered list
        %li Nested unordered list
    %li Unordered list
    %li
      Start nested ordered list
      %ol
        %li Nested ordered list
        %li Nested ordered list
        %li Nested ordered list
```
<!-- end -->

### Definition Lists
Definition lists are used to encapsulate a term and it's definition. The
standard definition list utilizes a block level structure. Giving the
`dl` the class `dl-horizontal` renders the `dt` and `dd` on the same
line. You can control the positioning by altering the
`$definition-horiz-offset` and `$definition-horiz-offset-padding`
variables.


### Usage Example

<!--~ markup/typography-definition.html.haml -->
```haml
%section(style="width:25%; float:left; margin-right: 5%;")
  %p
    %strong Definition list:
  %dl
    %dt Definition Term
    %dd Definition Description Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
    %dt Definition Term
    %dd Definition Description Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
    %dt Definition Term
    %dd Definition Description Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.

%section(style="width:60%; float:left;")
  %p
    %strong Horizontal Definition list:
  %dl.dl-horizontal
    %dt Definition Term
    %dd Definition Description Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
    %dt Definition Term
    %dd Definition Description Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
    %dt Definition Term
    %dd Definition Description Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
```
<!-- end -->

## Style Settings
To override the default settings, set the variable and it's value
within your `config.sass` file or before `typography.sass` is loaded.

Attribute                          | Default                  | Description
---------------------------------- | ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------
`$h1-size`                         | `$base-font-size + 16`   | The default size of `h1` elements
`$h2-size`                         | `$base-font-size + 10`   | The default size of `h2` elements
`$h3-size`                         | `$base-font-size + 4`    | The default size of `h3` elements
`$h4-size`                         | `$base-font-size + 2`    | The default size of `h4` elements
`$h5-size`                         | `$base-font-size + 1`    | The default size of `h5` elements
`$h6-size`                         | `$base-font-size`        | The default size of `h6` elements
`$heading-color`                   | `$body-color`            | The default color of heading elements
`$hr-rule-color`                   | `$border-color`          | The default color of horizontal rules
`$mark-bgc`                        | `$yellow`                | The default background color of the `mark` element
`$mark-color`                      | `#333`                   | The default text `color` for the `mark` element
`$code-bgc`                        | `$off-white`             | The default background color of `code` and `pre` blocks
`$code-border-color`               | `invert($body-color)`    | The default border color of `code` and `pre` blocks
`$code-inline-color`               | `$body-color`            | The default color of inline `code` elements
`$pre-border-radii`                | `$radii`                 | The default border-radius of `pre` blocks
`$definition-horiz-offset`         | `$horiz-offset`          | The offset to use for `.dl-horizontal`
`$definition-horiz-offset-padding` | `$horiz-offset-padding`  | The padding between a term and definition within the `.dl-horizontal` element
