app/assets/utensils/scaffold/readme.md, before:


# Scaffold
Sets up core scaffolding elements for `html`, `body`, selections, links and navigation.

```sass
@import utensils/scaffold/scaffold
```

## Navs

### Usage Example

The base `.nav` is the building block for navigation structures and components
(tabs, pills, breadcrumbs, pagination and navigation lists). The `.nav` class
can be used for simple navigation as well.

<!--~ markup/scaffold-nav.html.haml -->
```haml
%nav.well(role="navigation")
  %ul.nav(data-bindable="toggle-group")
    %li.nav-header Nav Header
    %li
      %a(href="#") Block Link 1
    %li.active
      %a(href="#") Block Link 2
    %li
      %a(href="#") Block Link 3
    %li.nav-divider
    %li.nav-header Nav Header
    %li
      %a(href="#") Block Link 4
%nav(role="navigation")
  %ul.nav.inline(data-bindable="toggle-group")
    %li
      %a(href="#") Inline Link 1
    %li.active
      %a(href="#") Inline Link 2
    %li
      %a(href="#") Inline Link 3
```
<!-- end -->

###### Warnings
- **Heads Up!** All navigation components depend on the `.nav` class being attached to the container element

For convenience, add the `inline` class to the `.nav` element to display the base nav inline.

Utilize the `.nav-header` and `.nav-divider` for building simple navigation lists.

## Tab Panels
Tab panels are typically used by `Tab` and `Pill` for showing and
hiding related content. See `Tab` for usage.


## Style Settings
To override the default settings, set the variable and it's value
within your `config.sass` file or before `scaffold.sass` is loaded.

Variable                    | Default                    | Description
--------------------------- | -------------------------- | -------------------------------------------
`$body-family`              | `$sans-family`             | The body's `font-family`
`$body-background`          | `$base-bgc`                | The body's `background`
`$body-color`               | `$base-color`              | The body's text `color`
`$select-color`             | `white`                    | The selected text's `color`
`$select-bgc`               | `$primary`                 | The selected text's `background`
`$tap-highlight`            | `$link-color`              | The `tap-highlight-color` for touch devices
`$nav-inline-padding-left`  | `0.5em`                    | The `padding-left` on the `.nav.inline` element
`$nav-inline-padding-right` | `$nav-inline-padding-left` | The `padding-right` on the `.nav.inline` element
`$nav-header-color`         | `$body-color`              | The `color` of the navigation header
`$nav-header-font-weight`   | `bold`                     | The `font-weigh` of the navigation header
`$nav-divider`              | `$base-border`             | The `border-color` of the navigation divider

Commit message:

Rock placeholders instead of adding the world.
A lot of the utilities that were included will probably not get used
in a normal application, so only instantiate the really common ones.
Make placeholders out of all the rest.. keep it tiny.

app/assets/utensils/scaffold/readme.md, after:


# Scaffold
Sets up core scaffolding elements for `html`, `body`, selections, links and navigation.

```sass
@import utensils/scaffold/scaffold
```

## Navs

### Usage Example

The base `.nav` is the building block for navigation structures and components
(tabs, pills, breadcrumbs, pagination and navigation lists). The `.nav` class
can be used for simple navigation as well.

<!--~ markup/scaffold-nav.html.haml -->
```haml
%nav.well(role="navigation")
  %ul.nav(data-bindable="toggle-group")
    %li.nav-header Nav Header
    %li
      %a(href="#") Block Link 1
    %li.active
      %a(href="#") Block Link 2
    %li
      %a(href="#") Block Link 3
    %li.nav-divider
    %li.nav-header Nav Header
    %li
      %a(href="#") Block Link 4
%nav(role="navigation")
  %ul.nav.inline(data-bindable="toggle-group")
    %li
      %a(href="#") Inline Link 1
    %li.active
      %a(href="#") Inline Link 2
    %li
      %a(href="#") Inline Link 3
```
<!-- end -->

###### Warnings
- **Heads Up!** All navigation components depend on the `.nav` class being attached to the container element

For convenience, add the `inline` class to the `.nav` element to display the base nav inline.

Utilize the `.nav-header` and `.nav-divider` for building simple navigation lists.

## Tab Panels
Tab panels are typically used by `Tab` and `Pill` for showing and
hiding related content. See `Tab` for usage.

## Utility Classes
For convenience and common patterns, a few utility classes are setup in
the scaffold.

Class         | Usage
------------- | --------------------------
`.pull-left`  | Adds a `float:left` to an element
`.pull-right` | Adds a `float:right` to an element
`.cf`         | Extends the placeholder for the `clearfixer` mixin
`.ir`         | Extends the placeholder for the `ir` image replacement mixin
`.hidden`     | Extends the placeholder for the `hidden` mixin
`.shown`      | Extends the placeholder for the `shown` mixin


## Style Settings
To override the default settings, set the variable and it's value
within your `config.sass` file or before `scaffold.sass` is loaded.

Variable                    | Default                    | Description
--------------------------- | -------------------------- | -------------------------------------------
`$body-family`              | `$sans-family`             | The body's `font-family`
`$body-background`          | `$base-bgc`                | The body's `background`
`$body-color`               | `$base-color`              | The body's text `color`
`$select-color`             | `white`                    | The selected text's `color`
`$select-bgc`               | `$primary`                 | The selected text's `background`
`$tap-highlight`            | `$link-color`              | The `tap-highlight-color` for touch devices
`$nav-inline-padding-left`  | `0.5em`                    | The `padding-left` on the `.nav.inline` element
`$nav-inline-padding-right` | `$nav-inline-padding-left` | The `padding-right` on the `.nav.inline` element
`$nav-header-color`         | `$body-color`              | The `color` of the navigation header
`$nav-header-font-weight`   | `bold`                     | The `font-weigh` of the navigation header
`$nav-divider`              | `$base-border`             | The `border-color` of the navigation divider
